# Meeting minutes for February 2, 2021

Meeting started at 15:00

Members in attendance:
- Jackson Conte
- Anshul Singh
- David Jeong
- Anurag Asthana
- Roger Ji
- Adam Yoshinaga
- Noah Verdegan

Agenda: start Sprint 1 and decide how to divide the required tasks

## Planning roles/tasks (15:00-15:33)

### DevOps/QA (Agile processes, formalizing test guidelines)
- David
- Anurag

### Design (Finalizing wireframes)
- Roger
- Anshul
- Adam

### System Design/Diagrams (mostly wireframe help for now)
- Jackson
- Noah
- Ahmed

Miscellaneous decisions: 
- Ask Sim how the heck we do system diagrams if it's all client side.
- Anshul presenting for discussion tomorrow.

## General discussion (15:33-15:43)

## Fat Marker Design Session (15:43-)
